what's going on guys I'm back had a
chance to sleep sleep off my house kind
of pissed last night you know I came out
of pocket to watch this fight to watch
pacquiao do his thing and Clyde he
didn't show up his heart was
questionable before the fight and his
courage wasn't even there it was it was
like a 10 man and the Cowardly Lion from
The Wizard of Oz seriously the under
cars probably the worst under course
I've ever seen in the history of boxing
the sport and this is disgrace of the
sport it makes your sport look bad it
really does it's like these guys cuz you
know what's in dallas you know people
had a chance to actually go watch this
fight and then things like is this what
boxing has to offer I'll pass I mean you
don't you don't get a big stadium and
you fill it with these riff-raffs and
misfits you just don't do it Bob Arum I
can't stand that man he's agree you
don't want to come off the money to pay
other fighters to get big you know he
was keep it all to herself he's worse
man I go as far as I he worsened Don
King I thought dela hoya was probably
the worst when he came to under cars but
Bob Arum clearly hasn't beat it's a
landslide when it comes to that in that
department but uh my brother me and I
talked about to fight him and I and he
made a claim said it was rigged
something did not feel right about that
fight and he could have easily call
caught him up like I say in total ID
look we got this fight or how you won't
get it you gotta lay down you know I
can't have my cash cow Manny Pacquio
being beat even though we know you ain't
gonna beat him cloudy what are you
talking about I can't lay down you
better lay down you listen to me you
listen to me good you listen to me good
and you know I've never seen men clottey
just not throw punches like that I mean
he'll stay in the shell but not like dad
and then when he stole a punch that
towards the end is like he would even
try these like he was slapping though
just such as something the same way
about that fight you gotta really take
that in consideration because things
can't happen in the sport that dates can
be read you know it can't be really just
like you know you don't think other
sports that it can happen it can happen
psych judges just like you look at these
other sports officials can be paid
anything could happen he could have gave
cloudy more money under the table look
here you bet not you know any that's
probably what happened I don't know but
you know when patty I came in here to
fight it was obvious he was trying to
put on the show and couldn't because you
know after you how can you my prediction
was knock out how can you knock out
somebody when a guy won't even throw a
punch and he fights scared the whole
night won't happen so I was trying to
give him reasonable doubt that he had
enough heart even trying to take this
dude out he was talking like he was
before fighting anyway I could I could
have saved my money in the headache kid
I had a guidepost on here talked about
was the studio's connect even say the
same thing this fight didn't seem real
how long is free roaches neck Jesus
could you know Freddie Roach you know
his neck give her alone we talking and
he we had to look at me whether tapes
the community you know you'd grab some
time you grab his name anyway I think
the fight between Manny Pacquiao and
floor is going to happen and I think
Manny Pacquiao is gonna take a random I
think it's gonna happen I think he
didn't take it this time because uh I
don't think that they was ready for even
Rosetti we know we need more time we
make with Mayweather style you know yet
defense because you can't coming here
you can't come her like he did against a
up clottey there's consequence
repercussions because Mayweather is a as
a camera but be that it may find some
weed I want my money back and go get it
back I won't watch another cloudy fight
on pay-per-view that's why he nevers on
this big stage you know people trying to
justify him fighting Manny Pacquiao
there ain't no way this duchenne didn't
ruin him no way no way he's not on that
level he's just not his work rate is
down there level he just he doesn't have
the killer instinct he doesn't have that
beat up the mind of a killer anyway